Updated, rearranged software repositories and package managers (#2640)
ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium: README.md

* macOS: Available in [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) as [`eloston-chromium`](https://formulae.brew.sh/cask/eloston-chromium). Just run `brew install --cask eloston-chromium`. Chromium will appear in your `/Applications` directory.
* openSUSE: Available in [openSUSE Tumbleweed](https://get.opensuse.org/tumbleweed/), run `zypper in ungoogled-chromium`. See [package site](https://software.opensuse.org/package/ungoogled-chromium) for additional options.
* Slackware: Available as `chromium-ungoogled` in [a third party repository.](http://www.slackware.com/~alien/) run `upgradepkg --install-new chromium-ungoogled-120.0.6099.109-x86_64-1alien.txz`.
* APK (Alpine Linux, FreeBSD): Available as `ungoogled-chromium`, run `pkg install ungoogled-chromium`.
* APT-RPM (PCLinuxOS, Vine Linux, ALT Linux): Available as `chromium-ungoogled-browser`, run `apt-get install chromium-ungoogled-browser`.
* Chocolatey: Available as `ungoogled-chromium`, run `choco install ungoogled-chromium`.

> * Winget: Available as `eloston.ungoogled-chromium`, run `winget install -e --id eloston.ungoogled-chromium`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WinGet: Available as `eloston.ungoogled-chromium`, run `winget install -e --id eloston.ungoogled-chromium`.
```

I think this is the stylized spelling

If your GNU/Linux distribution is not listed, there are distro-independent builds available via the following **package managers**:

* Flatpak: Available [in the Flathub repo](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.github.Eloston.UngoogledChromium) as `com.github.Eloston.UngoogledChromium`

> * NixOS: Available as `ungoogled-chromium`, run `nix-shell -p ungoogled-chromium`.

Reviewer: NixOS is a distribution

```suggestion
* Nix: Available as `ungoogled-chromium` in nixpkgs, run `nix-shell -p ungoogled-chromium`.
```
